I always loved comics especially
superhero comics
like a lot of people I grew up reading
Superman Batman
Captain America all that good stuff
well my absolute favorite was spider-man
so it's no surprise did I grew up to
work at a comic book store
that's not important you want to know
that story
well one day after work I stopped off
this little rundown toy store the guy
that we're on two plates looked about
nonchalantly almost as if I wasn't there
I looked around there were a few nice
collectibles on the shelf but what
really caught my eye was a strange
action figure it was a Spider Man action
had ever seen it was all red webbing
patterns were disorganized the spider
was crooked and looked like a real
spider also the lenses appeared to be
broken there were small painting cracks
the mouse collapses that unnerved me a
bit but I still thought of school I
bought it for a mere 50 cents the comic
book was given to me for free come just
to figure the store owner said the only
thing I ever heard him saying well I was
there I left brought it up to my
apartment except the toy on a shelf with
the rest of my collection yes I'm a nerd
get over it you're here for the story
right
anyways I took two comic out of the bag
actually I've actually looked at it it
was creepy to say the least it looked
like homage to amazing Pepsi issue 15
spider-man's first appearance the title
right there forgot the spider-man issue
zero it looked like the action figure
but the person he was holding looked
lifts his head and his eyes closed it
didn't say who row or Illustrated no
comics code Authority simple not even a
Marvel logo it started Peter Parker
that's per expectation attending the
radioactivity demonstration I began to
feel nostalgic as my eyes scan of the
panel's the spider was caught in a
radioactive energy that landed on Peters
huh it bit him that was normal but then
I noticed something weird
more like right instead of just a bite
blood begging for help
looked on at Porter his body became
covered it right the carnage a strange
black cord ripped wrists and ankles
wrapping the spider the big Peter
crawled onto his chest became honey a
scientist reached out to Peter but Peter
lashed out and attacked him wrangling
the others page I was a 25 year old man
and I like a frightened child whispered
I continued reading spider if I could
call it that
start brutally murdering people the
blown on the page was such a deep shade
of red I almost thought that it was it's
real blood I had to put it down I was
getting sick to my stomach then
something caught my eye
I turned to see sitting on top of my
fridge was the toy
it was cried the trademark spider mypos
it was freaky I had put it on my shelf
standing straight up the cracked lens
has looked at me and not just positioned
in my direction
it was literally looking at me I don't
know how but somehow I knew it wanted me
to keep reading the comic so I picked it
up again spider mom was still killing
but what I saw only made it worse he was
making as well ripping off Mary Jane's
head beating people along the way I was
getting horrified then in a full splash
panel
he had reached his house he killed his
uncle Ben first blind with rage and then
ripped his arm off beating on me to
death with it I was getting sick again I
could have sworn I heard laughing in the
back of my mind it was the end of the
issue I saw a preview for the next one
which showed spider-man holding what
looked to be Otto Octavius by the throat
I was grateful that the issue was over
but fortified by its contents I turned
to I turned to look at spider-man to it
it was dawn then I felt the issues live
away a fraction of a second the toy was
gone
taking the comic with it I've sided with
really until until a voice spoke in my
mind in a cruel walking toe til next
time true believers it's been a month
since this happened I had learned that
artists who temper attempted to submit
his work a full horror theme spider-man
comic book to Marvel Comics had died of
over exhaustion never eating or drinking
only working till his body just gave out
I learned this after searching out the
Forgotten spider on the internet an
article about the artist being the only
thing I could find
there was image of the artists death
included in the article showing it on
the finished cover of the comic book I
had read I was still traumatized by the
events of that day but I couldn't help
but feeling bad for the art for this
artist well as all he wanted was someone
to appreciate his work now I suppose I
thought that I'm that person because I
got this my mail today sent an envelope
with no return address
it was the Forgotten spite of my issue